hey guys Silva lugia 860 here and i'm
back with another pokemon time keychain
to show you guys this time around i have
magic harp I love magic are piteous the
king of carp so here you can see the
keychain he's very cute it's coming out
of his mouth which is adorable you can
see the scale so i'll show you the finer
details when i open it you can see it
has the same packaging as Charizard
pretty much and it will come with a
bookmark just like the other one did so
let's open it so I'm excited to see what
you bookmark I get there we go okay so
let's see and we get new that is so cute
mu is not actually one of the key chains
but it is a design it came with a deck
box as well there is a deck box sold
with all the pokemon on from the poke
this pokemon time promotion on it so
here are my two bookmarks together that
is really cute so you just because you
get a certain key chain does not mean
you'll get that certain bookmark which
is a fun element of randomness that they
added I like that a lot so I have mu and
growlithe here really cute and let's
look at Magikarp itself so here if I
hold it up here it's just like a fish on
a hook that's really cute so let's zoom
in on him so here as all the details you
can see where they put the copyright
information that's not too in the way
that is so cute i love magic art man and
there you go you can see the scale say
paid attention to the fine details it's
always nice that they do that so that is
magic harp really cute and let's put him
next to Charizard here so here they are
together really cute so if you like
Pokemon time you can get them on sunny
shore or a vast array of other places
they are not that hard to find Google is
your friend
guys Google is your friend you can also
get him at pokeball or a couple other
places so definitely if you like any of
these Pokemon you can still find them
and they're very very very cute and i
highly recommend them so i hope you guys
enjoy these videos i will probably i
have some more stuff to show you guys in
the future I might get another Pokemon
time keychain I'm not sure yet but let
me know if you want to see another one
and I might get one to review for you
guys so thank you all for watching and I
will see you guys later